PSMDB-1369 Added Telemetry (#791)
percona/psmdb-docs: docs/telemetry.md

## What information is collected

Currently, telemetry is added only to the Percona packages and Docker images. It collects only information about the installation environment. Future releases may add additional telemetry metrics.

Be assured that access to this raw data is rigorously controlled. Percona does not collect personal data. All data is anonymous and cannot be traced to a specific user. To learn more about our privacy practices, read the [Percona Privacy statement].

The following is an example of the collected data:

```json
[{"id" : "c416c3ee-48cd-471c-9733-37c2886f8231",
"product_family" : "PRODUCT_FAMILY_PSMDB",
"instanceId" : "6aef422e-56a7-4530-af9d-94cc02198343",
"createTime" : "2023-11-01T10:46:23Z",
"metrics":
[{"key" : "deployment","value" : "PACKAGE"},
{"key" : "pillar_version","value" : "7.0.3-2"},
{"key" : "OS","value" : "Oracle Linux Server 8.8"},
{"key" : "hardware_arch","value" : "x86_64 x86_64"}]}]
```

## Disable telemetry

> Starting with Percona Server for MongoDB 5.0.22-19, telemetry is enabled by default. If you decide not to send usage data to Percona, you can set the `PERCONA_TELEMETRY_DISABLE=1` environment variable for either the root user or in the operating system prior to the installation process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Percona Server for MongoDB 7.0.4-3, telemetry is enabled by default. If you decide not to send usage data to Percona, you can set the `PERCONA_TELEMETRY_DISABLE=1` environment variable for either the root user or in the operating system prior to the installation process.
```

Author: Updated
